1. Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far?

 About 6 months ago, I was unfulfilled in my job and was searching for something new and exciting. I was talking to a friend of a friend about her job as a programmer, and I was instantly intrigued. I had never been a computer person. Technology kind of intimidated me—it seemed almost mysterious and incomprehensible. As she explained her job to me though, I started to realize coding is like a puzzle, and a language you learn to read and write, not some impossible thing that only people who were building computers at 5 years old can do. It is a skill you can learn, if you can problem solve and have the drive to learn something new. I started with Codecademy the next day. While taking HTML/CSS class I realized I could make websites look exactly how I wanted them to look! I have always been an artist. These new skills would allow me to use my artistic eye to make beautiful websites. Before I knew it, I was hooked. I would try to figure out how some of my favorite sites made my favorite features. Then I started with Javascript and learned I can make websites more interactive! There is so much to learn. It just kept getting better. Programming would allow me to use many of my talents in one profession—my analytical and logical thinking coupled with my visual sense.  
  
 I am interested in programming also because it is constantly changing and I will be constantly learning. I like change and learning new things. Programming will also allow me to be creative and make my ideas a reality. It is exhilarating, that as a programmer, you have the ability to change millions of peoples’ lives with the click of a button.   
 
2. If you are accepted into our program, where do you see your career in 5 years?  
 
 It is hard to say where I will be in 5 years. There are so many different careers within the Tech world. I know I would like to be employed in a company that is constantly pushing the boundaries. I want to learn as much as I can in 5 years with great mentors. It is important to me to be employed someplace with inspiring, talented, and helpful people, that I can learn from. I want to keep all my options open and learn as many skills as I can within 5 years. I want to find my niche. 
 I think my ultimate goal would be to work on my own projects with other like-minded people, to start a business that ultimately improves peoples' lives and aligns with my ideals and morals. Although this is what my goals are at the moment, I am open to what comes my way in Tech. I want to find the career that best fits me.   
 
3. After reading Ada's Vision, Mission and Inclusivity Statement, how will you contribute to Ada's vision for an inclusive and diverse community?  
 
 Women and minorities are underrepresented in Tech. Plain and simple. Every industry needs diversity and inclusivity, especially in Tech. The users of the programs we will be creating are diverse, so it is important to have diverse coders to represent everyone. As an Ada student I would gain valuable knowledge and skills to encourage other women to become programmers. I hope to create a stronger Tech community and empower women to be leaders in technology. After Ada, I hope to become part of the Girls Who Code organization to inspire the next generation in my community.  
 
4. Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?  
 
 The biggest mistake I ever made was doubting my abilities. As a young person, I was made to believe I couldn't do certain things. Society told me I was a woman, and women can't be mechanics or engineers for instance. My mom told me I was really good at math, but I had a reading disability. I grew up thinking there were certain things I could do, certain things I was good at, but I shouldn't try these other things. Then there came a point in my life where I realized I _am_ smart and gifted, and there is nothing I can't do (especially with so many resources on the Web). I began telling myself affirmations in the morning. My positive words became positive thoughts, and my thoughts became actions. I believe in myself now, and am capable of accomplishing anything. Since I have changed my mindset, I approach every problem differently. I can figure anything out. For instance, my car headlight burned out. My old self would have called my dad to help, or get it fixed at Pep Boys. Now I google it, watch a 5 minute how-to video, and it's fixed in 10 minutes.  
 
 I also started learning coding on Codecademy once I stopped doubting my abilities. If I come across a problem, I just google it and work it out. There are so many resources on the Web. With confidence and hard work, I can learn anything. Most recently, with the Ada application, I taught myself excel and googled how to use all the different functions to make analyzing data simple. This little change in my mindset has really changed my life.   

